 - Thesis objectives:

	1 - Find out about the boundaries' placement/shape
	2 - Find characteristics of boundaries' materials

 - Theoretical basis:

 	1 - An isotropic source placed in free space produces a sound field that can be regarded
 		as a set of spherical wavefronts concentric on the source position. This means that
 		each point on such field has a sound pressure with:
 		    - an amplitude inversely proportional to its distance to the source and
 		    - a velocity that is tangent to the radial vector formed by the source and the
 		      point in question.

    <[plot of point source radiating in free space]>

 	2 - When that same source is placed on an enclosure, the sound field changes due to the
 	    presence of boundaries that act reflecting part of the propagated energy. This new
 	    field can no longer be regarded as a pure spherical wave propagating to the infinite,
 	    but as the combined contributions of the point source radiation plus all new waves
 	    originated on the boundaries. The result is, in general, an irregular distribution
 	    of pressures across the enclosed space.

    <[plot of point source radiating in a room]>

    3 - For any case, the sound field is defined, univocally, by the only two elements that
    	are involved:
            - the source characteristics in terms of directivity
            - the enclosure characteristics:
                - shape of boundaries
                - absorption of boundaries (frequency dependent)

        This implies that the medium is considered to be homogenous and isotropic, thus the
        sound propagation speed does not change in all the enclosure (homogeneous) and does
        not depend on the displacement direction (isotropic).

    4 - From a pure physical mode, the enclosure can be understood as a series of
    	infinitesimal particles forming a closed surface. Those, when excited by the source,
    	vibrate and produce new waves that are in turn propagated inside the enclosure.
    	These new waves act in the same manner as the one produced by the original source,
    	and the whole process continues over time until the acoustic energy is dissipated
    	due to the viscosity of the media (which means that the propagation occurs with a
    	thermal consumption of energy).

     >> It can be easily thought of as a linear system with feedback. The initial input is
    	due to the original source wave that excites the system, which responds with new
    	waves that in turn excite the system again, but with less energy since there exists
    	attenuation in the propagation.

    5 - The relation that exists between the vibration of an enclosure boundaries and the
    	sound field produced inside, when the enclosure is free of sources, is given by the
    	Kirchhoff-Helmholtz integral. It states that the sound pressure is fully determined
    	within the space contained when it is known across all points in its surface.
    	
    	<[Kirchhoff-Helmholtz integral for monochromatic waves]>

		In the case of study, the enclosure is not free of sources, but it is equivalent to
		say that, the excitation introduced by the original source is instead produced by a
		combination of all boundaries vibrating in such manner that the same sound field
		exists. This principle is used in the technique of wave-field-synthesis, and it leads
		to a new model where the original source is removed and the boundaries are now
		active elements able to produce waves on its own. Since the sound fields in both
		situations are the same, they are said to be acoustically equivalent scenarios.

	6 - It is therefore shown that there exists a unique and well defined relationship
		between the enclosure characteristics and the sound field present inside. It can be
		concluded that, if the sound field is known, information about the boundaries can
		be obtained.
		
		Accordingly, the problem is formulated as
			- to define the proper tools that can provide the needed information about the
			  existing sound field and 
			- to use that information to find out about the boundaries.


 	>> Note for myself: generate two 2D pressure maps:
 	    - one for a point source on free space
 	    - another for a point source on a room (place several image sources outside)